# cross-solar-suhail-Django
Testivus On Test Coverage  Early one morning, a programmer asked the great master:  “I am ready to write some unit tests. What code coverage should I aim for?”  The great master replied:  “Don’t worry about coverage, just write some good tests.”  The programmer smiled, bowed, and left.  ...  Later that day, a second programmer asked the same question.  The great master pointed at a pot of boiling water and said:  “How many grains of rice should I put in that pot?”  The programmer, looking puzzled, replied:  “How can I possibly tell you? It depends on how many people you need to feed, how hungry they are, what other food you are serving, how much rice you have available, and so on.”  “Exactly,” said the great master.  The second programmer smiled, bowed, and left.  ...  Toward the end of the day, a third programmer came and asked the same question about code coverage.  “Eighty percent and no less!” Replied the master in a stern voice, pounding his fist on the table.  The third programmer smiled, bowed, and left.  ...  After this last reply, a young apprentice approached the great master:  “Great master, today I overheard you answer the same question about code coverage with three different answers. Why?”  The great master stood up from his chair:  “Come get some fresh tea with me and let’s talk about it.”  After they filled their cups with smoking hot green tea, the great master began to answer:  “The first programmer is new and just getting started with testing. Right now he has a lot of code and no tests. He has a long way to go; focusing on code coverage at this time would be depressing and quite useless. He’s better off just getting used to writing and running some tests. He can worry about coverage later.”  “The second programmer, on the other hand, is quite experience both at programming and testing. When I replied by asking her how many grains of rice I should put in a pot, I helped her realize that the amount of testing necessary depends on a number of factors, and she knows those factors better than I do – it’s her code after all. There is no single, simple, answer, and she’s smart enough to handle the truth and work with that.”  “I see,” said the young apprentice, “but if there is no single simple answer, then why did you answer the third programmer ‘Eighty percent and no less’?”  The great master laughed so hard and loud that his belly, evidence that he drank more than just green tea, flopped up and down.  “The third programmer wants only simple answers – even when there are no simple answers … and then does not follow them anyway.”  The young apprentice and the grizzled great master finished drinking their tea in contemplative silence.
Project Assessment:
    Cross-Solar is a backend web application created in a hurry by a startup company called “Green Energy Analytics” in Texas - USA. This application collects energy analytics data for solar panels every hour.

Notes:
    - The project accepts data for registered panels only, and to register a panel, a serial number along with latitude and longitude is required. The serial number must exact be 16 characters in length (for ex. AAAA1111BBBB2222); latitude and longitude should contain 6 decimal places and must have valid values within latitude range (-90 to 90) and longitude range (-180 to 180) respectively.
    - Frontend application is excluded from the current scope. It is a separate, fully-functioning application handled by another team, so we do not want to modify it.

Tasks:
    1) Frontend team wants to display panel’s all historical data in a chart, in which each point represents electricity generated by this panel each day [sum, min, max, average of hourly kilowatt values] up to the end of the previous day. Your goal is to implement the backend part of this task. The API specifications are already there in the code as agreed with Frontend team. Please also include unit tests for the code that write.
    2) The URLs for the API are mapped directly in the cross_solar project's urls.py, please refactor it so that the mappings are moved to api project and included from there.
    3) There are a few bugs in the application that we'd like you to fix. Even though the project might not be in a great structure, please do not spend your valuable time on structure modifications, focus on fixing bugs.
